I'm back and it's better than ever

I was in the market for a new phone, and decided since it was the actual launch day, I'd go down to my ATT store and purchase something. I wasn't sure that I would purchase an iPhone 7 (honestly, about 80 percent sure I would) and I waited in line. The whole actual waiting part wasn't as tremendously large as it's quoted as being. I really didn't have to wait all that long, which I think is in part to a lot of people not seeing the potential in this phone.

After I purchased the phone, I immediately went and got a Charging case from the same store. This not only allows me to charge my phone, but use my headphones at the same time. I don't have a need for headphones that I can lose (AIRPODS) and I like that Apple actually gives an alternative to you, you get to use corded earpods, and if your battery case is charged (essentially an external battery), you have about 1-2 days of full fledge battery life (and I use my phone a lot) and can still use the headphones.

The speed of this one is what amazed me to be totally honest with you. I'm coming back to Apple after a small break and using a GoPhone (ZTE MAVEN) on the postpaid service. The Maven did well honestly, and I kept it around for a lot longer than I usually do. It just worked, and that can't be said for most phones. I'd experimented with iOS10 with my iPad, but I can say, it works a lot better on this than the iPad. Games, videos, even texting, are so much faster, it's hard to believe. The Digital Touch message feature is a nice touch, however, how much I'll use it I've yet to see.

Having no physical home button is not a "biggie" to me. There is a haptic feedback button in place of this, which is essentially a touch sensitive button, but it actually has a feeling as though you're pressing it. It's kind of how the trackpad works on the MacBooks. A nice touch. It took a little bit to get used to, and choose the "touch" I wanted, but after doing so, it's been easy.

I'm not displeased as many people would think about the headphone issue, as many people are. I use headphones, but so long as there is a workaround, which Apple has done, I'm not bothered. I can still use the earpods with the lightning connector. I guess it would be an inconvenience to you if your battery-case (if you bought one, or buy one) is dead, and I can actually see that being an issue. But this is why you need to watch battery levels.

The camera is EXCELLENT. I've been a photographer for the better part of my life, and can leave my Nikon at home and walk out with this and be confident that any shots I need to take, can be taken with this. HDR is a must.

Sound quality with this unit is very good, however, I must say, if you have a screen protector on the phone, you can legitimately feel the sound coming thru the speakers, thru the screen protector. Every phone that has had a screen protector that I've tested on the iPhone 7, has had this issue. All of the floor models that don't are fine. It doesn't bother me tremendously, but for a high end phone, you'd think that design would have been looked at before the phone was released.

Overall, I'm pleased, and I think I will be for the foreseeable future. But I usually love almost every phone that I've owned, so, I'm not sure how biased I actually might be. As the experience continues, I'll be sure to update my review with any updates that would be beneficial.