I’ve had my IPhone 7 for close to a month now, and feel like I know it well enough to write a knowledgeable review of it. My previous phone was a BlackBerry Z30.
First I have to say is that I’ve been working at a factory on a 20 plus acre complex that employs about 700 people in Worcester MA for 6 years now. It is common knowledge among us, that the only carrier with a constantly reliable signal at this plant is AT&T.
That having been said, my Z30 could go on Verizon’s network with a signal anywhere from no signal to 2 bars of 4 G, with the average being about 1 bar of 3G, and no signal being more common than a 4 G signal.
The IPhone 7 is much worse. The range is between no signal to 1 bar of 3 G, the average being about 1 bar of 1X, and no signal being the most common of all. I could just shut it off, it’s that bad. I really didn’t know I had it so good with the Z30.
So, if you plan on using this phone in a weak signal area, I would recommend you get different phone, because this phone’s antenna is also weak!
Next is, I miss the BlackBerry Hub, all communications in one place. Phone, e-mail and messaging, all together in chronological order, or separate also in order.
I’ve installed Yahoo mail and get widgets of my e-mail on my home screen. Usually just one line of each new e-mails, but doesn’t get fully down-load it into e-mail app. So, if I’m at work and get an e-mail I want to read in its entirety, I have to wait for my hopefully 1 bar of 1X to do it. The Apple’s e-mail app was just as bad, it just doesn’t do the widgets. Not HAPPY! My old BlackBerry put everything into the hub without me asking for it to do it! When there was no signal, it would constantly look for one, and when it found one, it would do whatever was needed to be done. No input from me needed. It also had the battery power to do it all day. Happy with the IPhone battery so far.
I also don’t like that everything the IPhone does is cloud based, I get next to no signal 45 plus hours a week, the cloud is useless!
If I sound like I miss my old BlackBerry. I do, but I’m still trying my best to adjust to this IPhone. The jury is still out.