Every year we head to Minneapolis to spend some time with our daughter and hang out in the city. One of the things we always like to do is to stay right down town and eat at the various restaurants in the area. Hell's kitchen has always been on our favorites for breakfast. However, this year we we're quite disappointed. Almost to a point where I'm not sure we'll return. First, perhaps I was us having a Sr moment but the menu seemed to be a bit more limited that what I remembered as far as the selection of breakfast dishes. The food we did order was OK, I ordered the 'Nearly Classic Eggs Benedict' , which as an FYI is only 1, not two, Perhaps this is the 'nearly' part I didn't pay attention too. Going back and looking at the menu it does say this so that's on me.... Anyway, the food was Luke warm at best and the egg was effectively 'hard' and over done. Now, many will say, why didn't you let them know this... Ok, again, it's on me for that but first of all, I was very hungry and it took a long time to get. Second, I have some paranoia of sending food back. Third, our server, could not have been more unfriendly so at that point we just wanted to finish up and get on with our day. We should have picked up on what our experience was going to be right from the beginning when we sat down. We we're greeted with a "you want something to drink....". Not good morning, could I get you something to drink.... Seemed real uninvited from the beginning.Again, not sure what the protocol would have been at that point, ask for a different server? Moving on, we had to ask for a few things we normally just get when we've visited before, like more coffee, the peanut butter and jam, small stuff I know. As you can see from my previous post I don't review a lot and I really hate to even write this because it really seems like a stupid 'first world' issue but I guess I felt if your going to pay $40-50 for a breakfast for 2 you should probably feel good about it when you leave. Unfortunately, not the case.