 have both iPhone 6s and 7 and see some improvements.

The iPhone 7 is almost identical to the iPhone 6s, but as we all know, lacks headphone jack.

The improvements, that I’ve noticed so far are:

- better battery life
- slightly better photos (especially the ones in low light)
- faster processor
- water-resistant
- brighter screen
- louder sound

The thing that took me a while to get used to is a new home button that is not ‘clickable’ anymore. I must say I preferred the old button. Now, I have the feeling that the click is happening ‘inside’ the Phone, rather than on its surface.
It works perfectly well though.

The lack of a headphone jack is a small con for now, since there’s no many lightning-compatible headphones yet. I hate the dongle so decided on buying the new headphones.

They are pricey, but work great. When testing Siri( turns on after double tapping on the earpiece), they pick up voice pretty well, although I tried to speak very clearly.
What is interesting, the audio pauses when you pop a headphone out when talking to someone - pretty nice feature.
The AirPods’ battery lasts for 5-6 h of continuous use, although the voice calls use more energy.
I’d recommend getting ones, since their quality is pretty good and they are easy to charge and store ( come with a case that recharges the pieces). The disadvantage is obviously the price… They’re also easy to loose.

Forget about using wired headphones and charging in the same time… Unless you want to get another adapter, that will give you 2 lightning ports… ( Offered by Belkin)

About the water resistivity:

That feature wasn’t meant to be tested but I accidentally dropped my phone to a sink with running water and it surviver…I wouldn’t recommend washing your phone when it gets dirty though…

Camera:

Unfortunately, the iPhone7 doesn’t have the second lens( as the iPhone plus has), The selfie camera was improved though, and I see a difference between evening photos taken with iPhone 6s and 7.

The sound:

Significantly louder, stereo. (Could hear the music while doing my dishes).

The battery:

The new battery is much better. I can listen to the music almost all day long, browse the internet for a few hours, make couple of calls and use other apps without charging my iPhone7 in the middle of the day.
I also noticed that it takes less to fully charge the phone.

The Phone performance is quite faster. I feel it while editing pictures or playing games and stream music in the same time.

Overall, I’m happy with the purchase even though I have iPhone 6s. The battery life, sound and water resistivity were convincing enough to give a new model a try.

The con is that you must spend additional money on headphones (unless you want to use bangle or Lightning EarPods). The Apple’s wireless headphones are expensive, but definitely high quality.

I am attaching a comparison between picture taken with iPhone 6 and 7.