While decidedly not the worst dining experience of my Twin Cities trip, I'm left scratching my head in confusion as to how this establishment is so highly rated. The food quality is well below average, though prices are on the opposite side of the spectrum. I think the soft factors are solid: the seating is comfortable, the service was pleasant, and many items can be ordered in smaller portions so that you can try a variety of items. If you like live music (I do not, and wasn't expecting any, so it was a most unwelcome surprise), they have that too, even at 10 AM on the weekends, and they seem to make passable picks (the surprisingly solid Johnny Cash cover band Church of Cash when we visited). Still, what matters most about a restaurant is food quality, and on that front, Hell's Kitchen falls decidedly short. 

For my late breakfast, I ordered the corned beef hash & eggs. The plate consisted of two eggs (poached in my case), a small pile of pulled corned beef, a somewhat larger amount of "hash," what I think was a green garnish, and toast. Of the eggs, one was correctly poached, though the other had an overly firm yolk center. Still, they may have been the best part of the plate, if only because of how lacking everything else was. Setting aside the oddness of their choice to pull rather than dice the corned beef, I found it to be so oversalted as to border on inedible. Of course, there was only really about four bites worth of corned beef, so there wasn't much to leave unfinished. What they call hash is unlike any hash I've ever had, and in this case, novelty is certainly not a plus. I enjoy celery as much as the next man, but I have zero idea why they opted to have large chunks of it in the hash. It isn't every day that you have a hash with enough else going on that the potatoes fade into obscurity, though they managed that first as well. And the pile of mixed greens in one corner? I don't know if it was meant to add visual appeal, in which case it failed miserably, or to round out the plate by including an (accidentally?) undressed salad that nobody would ever want, but I can think of zero reason for its presence other than visual trickery, to help disguise the very tiny portions of the dish's listed core elements.

Taking up the last half of the plate were two slices of toast. Normally you have a choice of sourdough or multigrain, though for an upcharge you can replace it with their sausage bread. Curious to try one of their "MN icon" dishes (as designated by their menu), I rolled the dice and ordered it. It is dense, almost more like banana bread or other dessert loaves than standard stock, but nowhere in that density was flavor to be found. I'd never know there was any sausage but for the name, and the walnuts and currants among other ingredients are evident more from the texture than the taste. I tried adding their made-in-house peanut butter they love to advertise, and found it improved the toast, but only marginally, because it was a below average spread that you'd never reach for in a grocery store. 

I managed to try their two other toast toppings - blackberry ginger jam and orange marmalade - on a couple of regular slices of toast and found them even more forgettable. I also tried the parmesan garlic tots that had been ordered for the table, and in keeping with the prior theme of "impossibly overseasoned or impressively bland," found them to be intolerably excessive in their use of garlic. I love garlic, usually even in copious quantities. But the level here bordered on weaponization. 

Still hungry from my undersized and overpriced breakfast, I decided to give Angel Bakery, owned and operated by the same people and located just one level above, a shot at redeeming them. I ordered the Zee German, a donut with nutella icing, crushed pretzels, and a chocolate drizzle. To their very modest credit, it was better than the trashworthy donuts being sold by Cardigan in the Skyway, but still thoroughly unworthy of the calories. I've never had such flavorless nutella icing, and the pretzel garnish tasted stale. A truly unsatisfying end to an already profoundly unpleasant meal.